.TH SERVER-SUITE 8 "2026-03-08" "1.0.0" "Server Suite Manual"
.SH NAME
server-suite \- all-in-one Linux server deployment and management suite
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B server-suite
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B server-suite
is a comprehensive, role-based server automation tool for Ubuntu/Debian.
On first run it launches a browser-based setup wizard (default port 7070)
for selecting and configuring server roles. On subsequent runs it opens the
terminal management console.
.PP
All operations require root privileges.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Set DRY_RUN=1. Show all commands that would be run without executing them.
.TP
.B \-\-status
Print a status summary of installed roles and services, then exit.
.TP
.B \-\-role \fIROLE_ID\fR
Install or manage a specific role directly (bypasses setup wizard).
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.SH ROLES
.TP
.B identity
FreeIPA (Kerberos + LDAP + PKI CA + DNS) or Samba4 AD Domain Controller.
.TP
.B storage
BTRFS RAID arrays, SMART monitoring, BorgBackup, rclone offsite backup.
.TP
.B web
Nginx Proxy Manager, Traefik v3, or OpenLiteSpeed with auto-TLS.
.TP
.B mail
Mailcow: Postfix + Dovecot + Rspamd + SOGo webmail.
.TP
.B dns_dhcp
Technitium DNS + DHCP server (suppressed when FreeIPA DNS is active).
.TP
.B database
MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Redis, Adminer.
.TP
.B files
Nextcloud, Collabora Online, Samba shares, NFS, Syncthing.
.TP
.B comms
Matrix/Synapse + Element, Mattermost, Mumble.
.TP
.B vpn
WireGuard (wg-easy) with peer QR codes, or OpenVPN.
.TP
.B security
Wazuh SIEM — server mode or agent-only mode.
.TP
.B logging
Grafana + Prometheus + Loki + Promtail, or Graylog + OpenSearch.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/server-suite/defaults.conf
Default configuration preserved across upgrades.
.TP
.I /opt/server-suite/config.json
Live configuration — single source of truth for all installed roles.
.TP
.I /opt/server-suite/secrets/
Encrypted secrets directory (chmod 700). Contains .env.<service> files.
.TP
.I /var/log/server-suite/
Installation and audit logs.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B DRY_RUN=1
Show what would be run without making system changes.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
First run (launches setup wizard):
.RS
.nf
sudo server-suite
.fi
.RE
.PP
Dry-run to preview an install:
.RS
.nf
sudo DRY_RUN=1 server-suite
.fi
.RE
.PP
Add FreeIPA identity role after initial setup:
.RS
.nf
sudo server-suite --role identity
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Server Suite contributors.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR samba-tool (8),
.BR ipa (1),
.BR docker (1),
.BR ufw (8),
.BR auditctl (8)
